#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --all-extras --output-file=requirements-dev.txt pyproject.toml
#
anyio==3.7.1
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
astroid==2.15.6
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
black[jupyter]==23.7.0
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.6
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   griffe
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.7
    # via pylint
exceptiongroup==1.1.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via playwright
griffe==0.32.3
    # via mkdocstrings-python
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.0.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.25.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.12.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.1.0
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.12.0
    # via pylint
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.18.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.4
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
jupytext==1.15.0
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via astroid
markdown==3.4.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via proplot
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via jupytext
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.5.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-gen-files
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   slimfit (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-autorefs==0.5.0
    # via mkdocstrings
mkdocs-gen-files==0.5.0
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-jupyter==0.24.2
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.6.0
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-material==9.1.21
    # via
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   slimfit (pyproject.toml)
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.1.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocstrings[python]==0.22.0
    # via
    #   mkdocstrings-python
    #   slimfit (pyproject.toml)
mkdocstrings-python==1.2.1
    # via mkdocstrings
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
mypy==1.4.1
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.0.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numdifftools==0.9.41
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   numdifftools
    #   scipy
    #   slimfit (pyproject.toml)
overrides==7.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   setuptools-scm
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via matplotlib
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs
    #   pylint
playwright==1.36.0
    # via pytest-playwright
pluggy==1.2.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
proplot==0.9.7
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyee==9.0.4
    # via playwright
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   slimfit (pyproject.toml)
pylint==2.17.5
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
pymdown-extensions==10.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pytest==7.4.0
    # via
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-playwright
    #   slimfit (pyproject.toml)
pytest-base-url==2.0.0
    # via pytest-playwright
pytest-playwright==0.3.3
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via pytest-playwright
pytz==2023.3
    # via babel
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.11
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupytext
    #   mkdocs
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
    #   slimfit (pyproject.toml)
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.30.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.6.3
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pytest-base-url
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   numdifftools
    #   slimfit (pyproject.toml)
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools-scm==7.1.0
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenize-rt==5.2.0
    # via black
toml==0.10.2
    # via jupytext
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mypy
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   setuptools-scm
tomlkit==0.12.1
    # via pylint
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via slimfit (pyproject.toml)
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   async-lru
    #   black
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mypy
    #   playwright
    #   pyee
    #   pylint
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   slimfit (pyproject.toml)
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via astroid
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
